Forked Mozilla's code of conduct / community participation guidelines. (#41)
LumoSQL/LumoSQL: doc/participation-guidelines.md

# Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

Bad behavior from any LumoSQL community participant, including those with decision-making authority, will not be tolerated. Intentional efforts to exclude people (except as part of a consequence of the guidelines or other official action) from LumoSQL activities are not acceptable and will be dealt with appropriately.

Reports of harassment/discrimination will be promptly and thoroughly investigated by the people responsible for the safety of the space, event or activity. Appropriate measures will be taken to address the situation.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately. Violation of these guidelines can result in you being ask to leave an event or online space, either temporarily or for the duration of the event, or being banned from participation in spaces, or future events and activities in perpetuity.

In addition, any participants who abuse the reporting process will be considered to be in violation of these guidelines and subject to the same consequences. False reporting, especially to retaliate or exclude, will not be accepted or tolerated.

# Reporting

> If you believe you’re experiencing unacceptable behavior that will not be tolerated as outlined above please contact:  code-of-conduct@example.org .

Reviewer: This isn't much better, but at least suggests who to contact.

```suggestion
If you believe you’re experiencing unacceptable behavior that will not be tolerated as outlined above please contact one of the [authors](https://github.com/LumoSQL/LumoSQL/blob/master/AUTHORS).
```

A code of conduct without a mechanism for reporting isn't very useful. Alternatively we could delay merging this PR until we have more infrastructure.
